[CN-1052] Add ldap tls documentation (#283)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/management-center-ldap.adoc

  uid: 299e5d42-4c72-4877-9a99-c6ffa3c68d07
type: Opaque
----

== Enabling TLS/SSL for LDAP

> To enable TLS when using an LDAP server that employs the LDAPS (LDAP over SSL) protocol or the Start TLS operation, you need to create the sercret that contains `keyStore`, `keyStorePassword`, `trustStore` and `trustStorePassword` and to ensure that the `tls` parameter is configured to use the create secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable TLS when using an LDAP server that employs the LDAPS (LDAP over SSL) protocol or the Start TLS operation, you need to create a secret that contains `keyStore`, `keyStorePassword`, `trustStore` and `trustStorePassword` and ensure that the `tls` parameter is configured to use this secret.
```
